remove feature toggle + add libraryPaneldefinition (#34488)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/export-import.md

A template variable of the type `Constant` will automatically be hidden in
the dashboard, and will also be added as a required input when the dashboard is imported.

> ### Export with default values removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Export dashboard without default values
```

> If you want to export a dashboard without default values in order to reduce the exported json file size, it is a good idea to check the toggle "Export with default values removed".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a dashboard without the default values in order to reduce the exported JSON file size, check the toggle **Export with default values removed** option.
```

> During import, the removed default values automatically added back to the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During import, the removed default values automatically added back to the dashboard.

```

> If you want to export a dashboard without default values in order to reduce the exported json file size, it is a good idea to check the toggle "Export with default values removed".
> 
> When import, the removed default values would be added automatically to the dashboard.

Reviewer 3: Some language fixes, JSON should be written in all-caps as it's an acronym:
```suggestion
If you want to export a dashboard without default values in order to reduce the exported JSON file size, it is a good idea to check the toggle "Export with default values removed".

When importing, the removed default values will be added automatically to the dashboard.
```

Reviewer: Agree, JSON should be all caps. Documentation best practice says you should avoid future tense if you can. How about: 

"During import, the removed default values automatically added back to the dashboard."

Reviewer 3: There's a typo in @achatterjee-grafana's suggestion, it should probably be "During import, the removed default values are automatically added back to the dashboard.".

> ## Importing a dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Import a dashboard
```

A template variable of the type `Constant` will automatically be hidden in
the dashboard, and will also be added as a required input when the dashboard is imported.

### Export dashboard without default values

To export a dashboard without the default values in order to reduce the exported JSON file size, check the toggle **Export with default values removed** option.

> During import, the removed default values automatically added back to the dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During import, the removed default values are automatically added back to the dashboard.
```
